* Look for an adequate orthographic camera size value.
The ocs corresponds to the number of world units that will be shown in half the screen height.
The relationship between world units and pixels is stablished when importing a sprite with the PPU value.

* On the sprite:
Ensure your sprites are using lossless compression e.g. True Color.
Turn off mipmapping.
Use Point sampling.

* In Render Quality Settings:
Turn off anisotropic filtering.
Turn off anti aliasing.

* Study for PPU value:

Most popular Android screen resolution : 1280 x 720

The game should be playable with one hand, so the phone must be in portrait,
which means the vertical screen size is 1280. Half the vertical screen size
is Unity's camera's orthographic size in world units. The default orthographic
size is 5, which means the camera will show five world units up and five down
from the center of the screen, in a total of 10 world units on screen. In
this case, 10 world units will be represented with 1280 pixels, which means
the unit will be represented by 128 pixels.

When importing a texture, we define how many pixels of that texture cover a
unit of the world, a measure called PPU. So, let us say that a given texture
has a PPU of 10 and is only 5 pixels high. That texture, when applied, will
have the height of 0.5 world units. However, we have already established that
a unit in the world will be represented by 128 pixels, which means that these
five pixels of height of the texture will be stretched to fill 64 actual screen
pixels. If we use this stretching wisely, we can give a more pixelated look to
the game. If, in this case, we wanted one of our pixels to look 2 times as big
as they are, we could import a texture with a PPU of 64. When applied to an
object, that texture would have every 64 pixels of its height represented by
128 actual screen pixels. If we wanted the pixels of our textures to be even
more evident, we could import the texture with a PPU of 32, making it so that
a single pixel of our texture would be stretched to fill 16 actual screen pixels.
 